update release process (#885)
sourcegraph/src-cli: DEVELOPMENT.md

3.  `VERSION=9.9.9 ./release.sh` (replace `9.9.9` with the version you are releasing)
4.  GitHub will automatically perform the release via the [Build and Release action](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild+and+Release). Once it has finished, **you need to confirm**:
    1. The brew formula shows the correct version.
       ```shell
        brew info sourcegraph/src-cli/src-cli
       ```
    2. The npm library shows the correct version.
        ```shell
        npm show @sourcegraph/src version
       ```
    3. The [releases section of the repo sidebar](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli) shows the correct version.
5.  Make the necessary updates to the main Sourcegraph repo:
    1. Update the `MinimumVersion` constant in the [src-cli package](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/tree/main/internal/src-cli/consts.go).
    2. Commit the changes, and open a PR.

>  6. The [curl commands in the README](README.markdown#installation) takes some time before the new version is available for download (usually less than hour). Be sure to confirm it works after some time. 

Reviewer: Maybe we could make the relationship to the previous item (and the reason for the delay) even more explicit:

```suggestion
 6. Once the version bump PR is merged and the commit is live on dotcom, check that the [curl commands in the README](README.markdown#installation) also fetch the new latest version.
```
